fix : legend item ellipsis (#507)
terrestris/legend-util: README.md

        overflow: 'auto',
        styles: [style],
        size: [600, 300],
        iconSize: [15, 15],

>         iconSize: [15, 15],

Reviewer: Please remove duplicated line

The `size` and `iconSize` parameters refer to the legend overlay size and the legend icons size respectively.

> The `legendItemTextSize` refers to the legend item associated text font size. It's optionnal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `legendItemTextSize` refers to the legend item's associated text font size. It's optional.
```
